---
layout: post
title:  "Minor Existential Crisis"
date:   2025-02-14 23:48:32 -0800
categories: life
---

What would happen if you were to live your life from start to finish and never actually do anything.

I'm sure a lot of people have done that, and probably a lot of them were just ok with that. But I don't think that I want to do that.
I want to do something.

The only issue is I don't exactly know what yet.

I make this blog not so much because I want to be a blogger - actually I would probably prefer it if nobody read it - but because I like the feeling of typing in markdown as simple as it may be.

I have my nvim setup. Its minimal and not worth showing off and thats why I like it. I can just spin it up in a matter of nanoseconds and start typing as I am doing now.
Is it revolutionary? Meh. Does it make me more productive. I think probably not, every so often I switch back to VS code and get a productivity boost from that but somehow always find myself back on nvim. I don't know why exactly, but I just find it satisfying. I like the colors. I like how quickly it loads. Yeah that, that actually might be most of it. There is something truly painful about waiting 2 seconds for vs code to load. I think people ran calculations on it and found that a second of time on a website amounts to lifetimes over the human population.

I found this piece of writing on a file on my computer from probably my senior year of high school:

He lined them out on the table in front of him and groped around his pocket for his wallet. He pulled out his student id and began crushing the smarties into a line.

\*snorts the line\* "ohhh yeah thats the shit"
time to start my prealgebra homework □

I'm not sure why I wrote that or what it means exactly but I thought it was funny that I wrote it.




